doc: drop minimum waiting time as hard guideline (#33879)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/collaborator-guide.md

### Code Reviews

At least one Collaborator must approve a pull request before the pull request

> lands. Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lands. Waiting for a second approval is preferable.
```

> lands. Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory.

Reviewer 2: As discussed in the comment thread, I would prefer that we keep this at two collaborators to sign off within a 48 or 72 hour window. Beyond that, one is sufficient.

> lands. Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory.

Reviewer 2: Now that we have `CODEOWNERS` in place, can we say that if there is a CODEOWNER for a given change, then it must be one signoff from a CODEOWNER? Otherwise, any one signoff is ok?

> lands. Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory.

Reviewer 3: I'm fine either way (could also be a follow up PR), if we decide to require signoff from a CODEOWNER of each team added to the PR (note more teams can own a PR), we should:

1. Have automation in place to update the list of `CODEOWNERS` if the PR changes
2. Have automation in place to detect approvals and ✅ the appropriate teams on the bot comment
    1. We'll probably need to require using the Approve GitHub button instead of just a LGTM
3. Have ncu validate the reviewers as valid codeowners for all the files that needed codeowners sign-off

Seems like a lot, I think we can explore this idea but it shouldn't block this PR.

As a side note, I was already planning on implementing 1 and 2 anyway after moving the codeowners code to an Action :)

> lands. Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory.

Reviewer 2: Any additional tooling definitely shouldn't block this PR. I'd just like to make sure that if there is a codeowner, we're giving them the opportunity to review before something lands.

> lands. If possible, waiting for a second approval is strongly recommended.

Reviewer 4: "If possible" - useless prefix, it's always possible to wait.

"Strongly recommended" - social pressure language. Most people will read it and think "I better follow this or face disapproval."

I'd just drop the second line altogether.

Author: I haven’t dropped the line (but I can do that if you feel strongly about it), but reduced it to “Waiting for a second approval is recommended but not mandatory”. Does that work for you?

### Waiting for Approvals

> Before landing pull requests, allow for input from other Collaborators.

Reviewer 4: Collaborators that are in different timezones or away on local bank holidays... that's why the 48 hour rule exists.

This "one approval rule" is basically a 1-2 for collaborators from the same timezone.

If you expect that a pull request might raise objections, it is a good idea to
wait longer before landing. You can also add the `wait-for-feedback` label
to pull requests; in that case, it is expected that the pull request will not
be merged until at least 48 hours after it has been opened, in order to allow
for everybody to comment on it.

> For pull requests that have only one approval, it is recommended to keep them

Reviewer 5: I would recommend adding “lacking an approval from the relevant team”.

Author: I’ll add that but as mentioned in the issue, I think this is something we could improve on a lot through CODEOWNERS.

open for a longer period of time, e.g. several days.

### Reverting PRs shortly after landing

If it has been less than 48 hours after a pull request has been opened and it
has already been landed, and you object to it in a way that cannot be addressed
through a new pull request which addresses your concerns, you can open a
pull request containing a revert and merge it without waiting for approvals or

> CI runs.

Reviewer 4: I expect this revert rule will cause no end of bad blood and internet drama...

Reviewer 6: I agree that revert without wait/approval may result in issues.
Maybe we should limit this to some scenarios or at least provide some examples when this is acceptable?

### Waiting for Approvals

Before landing pull requests, allow for input from other Collaborators.

> If you expect that a pull request might raise objections, it is a good idea to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you expect that a pull request might raise objections,
```

wait longer before landing. You can also add the `wait-for-feedback` label
to pull requests; in that case, it is expected that the pull request will not
be merged until at least 48 hours after it has been opened, in order to allow

> for everybody to comment on it.

Reviewer 7: LTS branches are managed by the Release WG. This PR shouldn't affect them.

For pull requests that are lacking an approval from a member of the relevant

> team (e.g. @nodejs/http in the case of HTTP changes), it is recommended to keep

Reviewer 6: Is this easily visible in the PR if such a member has approved?

Author: No, unfortunately not. I think it would help if the teams are being pinged, though, since that allows you to see the list of members more easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team (e.g. @nodejs/http in the case of HTTP changes), keep
```

Reviewer 8: This is not something easy. The contributor should learn on whom to ping. For example, ping this person for util related PR. It would definitely take lot of time. That's how I have came to know the codeowners for few such modules.  

May be can we mention such codeowners in an readme file or something like that? I guess the new contributors can't ping our groups directly until they are part of our organization.

Reviewer 3: The bot pings codeowners now, so this issue should be mitigated.

them open for a longer period of time, e.g. several days.

### Reverting PRs shortly after landing

If it has been less than 48 hours after a pull request has been opened and it
has already been landed, and you object to it in a way that cannot be addressed
through a new pull request which addresses your concerns, you can open a
pull request containing a revert and merge it without waiting for approvals or

> CI runs.

Reviewer 7: @nodejs/releasers we'll need to keep an eye on this and adapt release tooling if reverts become more present

Reviewer 9: Agreed. Based on what I've seen in the Release WG mentoring sessions where we've been walked through the triage process of whether something is ready to land on LTS release branches it is already difficult to ascertain links between a PR and any subsequent reverts/fixups.

If it has been more than 48 hours since the original pull request was opened,
you can still open a revert pull request, but should follow the standard rules

> for merging them, i.e. wait for approvals, no objections and a passing CI run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for merging them, i.e. wait for approvals, no objections, and a passing CI run.
```

### Waiting for Approvals

Before landing pull requests, allow for input from other Collaborators.
If you expect that a pull request might raise objections, it is a good idea to
wait longer before landing. You can also add the `wait-for-feedback` label
to pull requests; in that case, it is expected that the pull request will not
be merged until at least 48 hours after it has been opened, in order to allow
for everybody to comment on it.

For pull requests that are lacking an approval from a member of the relevant
team (e.g. @nodejs/http in the case of HTTP changes), it is recommended to keep
them open for a longer period of time, e.g. several days.

### Reverting PRs shortly after landing

If it has been less than 48 hours after a pull request has been opened and it
has already been landed, and you object to it in a way that cannot be addressed
through a new pull request which addresses your concerns, you can open a

> pull request containing a revert and merge it without waiting for approvals or
> CI runs.

Reviewer 3: Add link to "Reverting a commit" so folks know what are the right steps to revert a commit.

```suggestion
[pull request containing a revert](#reverting-commits) and merge it without
waiting for approvals or CI runs.
```

Reviewer 3: We should also make sure ncu can recognize revert commits and consider those as valid (otherwise we won't be able to use the commit queue to land).
